# Personal Website of Frank J Kocina





## Overview

This site is statically hosted on AWS using S3 as a file store, CloudFront as a CDN, and Route53 for DNS.
The SSL certificate is created with LetsEncrypt and installed via IAM.

##### Install Dependencies
`yarn install`

##### Running the App in Dev Mode
`yarn run start`

##### Building the App for Production
`yarn run build`

##### Deploying the App to Production
Copy files from the `build` directory to S3.





## SSL Setup and Renewal

Currently, SSL certificates generated by LetsEncrypt are valid for 90 days or less if they are revoked manually.
Therefore, it is recommended to renew SSL certificates every 60 days.
A complete guide to setup and renewal can be found below.

1. Run `brew install certbot` if you do not have `certbot` installed on your machine.
2. Run `certbot certonly --manual --debug -d kocina.io` to begin the process of generating a certificate.
3. Follow the `certbot` instructions and verify site ownership.
   1. When you are prompted to prove ownership of the website, upload a file to S3 with the specified path and contents.
   2. Make sure the file is set to public the content type is set to `text/html`.
4. Complete the `certbot` certificate generation process.
5. Update the old certificate with the command:
<pre><code>aws iam update-server-certificate \
--server-certificate-name cert_kocina_io \
--new-server-certificate-name cert_kocina_io_old
</code></pre>
6. Install your new certificate with the command:
<pre><code>aws iam upload-server-certificate \
--server-certificate-name cert_kocina_io \
--certificate-body file:///path/to/cert.pem \
--private-key file:///path/to/privkey.pem \
--certificate-chain file:///path/to/chain.pem \
--path /cloudfront/certs/
</code></pre>
7. Update the CloudFront distribution to use the new certificate from the AWS Console.
8. Delete the old certificate with the command:
<pre><code>aws iam delete-server-certificate --server-certificate-name cert_kocina_io_old
</code></pre>




## Roadmap Initiatives

* Get rid of Bootstrap lib and use Reactstrap.
* Dynamic blog routing, more data driven. 
* Automate SSL Setup and Renewal.
* Determine if I need shorter CloudFront cache TTLs.
* Automate deployments and CloudFront cache invalidation.
* More content (my work, about me, blog).
* Expand on this README.
